Bobo Sword God is not captured yet
You're too weak.
No unless your wheel owner comes
You say Qi Tian can protect us
Could it be that he is stronger than City Lord Wei?
In fact, you have always underestimated Mr. Qi's appetite
Wait until you know the truth
Will be surprised
The Sea City Guards have surrounded this place
Can't escape
I will also infiltrate the warriors of the Dragon Kingdom
But not to harm the city
Your royal army corrupts my opponents
just right
Can sneak our country into the claws of the dragon kingdom
Chop it all off
You defeated my disciple Jesus
It's me jesus
You guys go together
Wash away your shame with their blood
Hey!
Boy, I'm going to chop off your hands and feet
As punishment
stand at attention
How many samurai are there?
All up
I am a samurai of Wu
Concubine ashore
You, you, you have a little trouble, it's almost over